## Meeting Details  

Project: Carpool app  
Mentor: Self-Mentored  
Meeting Time: Thursday 10/12/23  
Type of Meeting: Asynchronous Meeting Over Slack  
Team: Aditya Patil [x], Alexander Granados [x], Ricardo Hinojosa [x], Hao Wu [x], Stanley Su [x]  
Scrum Master: Alexander Granados

## Scrum Discussion:

- Aditya: I am comfortable working w expo on vs code, I have the necessary plug ins and extensions installed. Still working on how to fit in firebase within the framework. Since most of us have an iPhone, I suggest working towards an iOS app first and then we can test native on android.
- Alexander: I would prefer to work with expo framework as it seems like it would simplify our app development. I would also like to use firebase within our framework, but I would be open to pivoting to a different database down the life if firebase proves to be too difficult to implement.
- Hao: Hi team, since I was not at the lecture yesterday so I am not sure about the details about the discussion. But working with firebase and working towards an iOS app sounds good to me and I will look into them. I will scribe this meeting after everyone posts.
- Stanley: I am also fine with expo and vs code since I found HW1 really easy using them. I'm also open to firebase or any database.
- Ricardo: I prefer using Expo, as well. This weekend I will try to do some research on how to implement auth using Firebase with Expo and try to get a simple running app.  

## Scribed Discussion:

- Discussed on the developing environment, agreed on using Expo, VScode and Firebase  
